Changes made in installation file to make the download (#1007)
ColoredCow/portal: docs/installation.md

            ```

       - Restart XAMPP. Next, open this url in your browser: http://portal.test
       

> 10. Login to the portal using the newly created user in the database. Go to `http://localhost/phpmyadmin/index.php` and search for the `users` table and you can find the user email in it. The default password to log in is `12345678`.

Reviewer: I think you added this point in the wrong place. Because the creation of a virtual host for MAMP should not be inside this point.

Author: Done

            ```

       - Restart XAMPP. Next, open this url in your browser: http://portal.test

> 10. Then it shows a login page. To get login credentials go to your database or got to this link `http://localhost/phpmyadmin/index.php`. Search for users table you can find the login credentials. 

Reviewer: This would be better. As the password is encrypted, therefore you should provide the password also.
```suggestion
10. Login to the portal using the newly created user in the database. Go to `http://localhost/phpmyadmin/index.php` and search for the `users` table and you can find the user email in it. The default password to log in is `12345678`.
```

Author: Okay lat me change to it
